# Assignment2

Thomas Cronin (C15529497)
I started off with creating a class, player which I used pshape() to create the player and I added boundaries for the player so player cannot go off screen. I also used push/pop matrix and translate to update the player’s position. For Level 1 I used a for loop to create 7 squares going down the screen with a fixed speed, going from left to right. When the squares hit a certain point the speed would change causing the squares to go back and the same when it reaches the other side (done using if statements). Level 2 is done in a similar way, there are two sets of squares starting at different ends and going up and down. For Level 3 I used two for loops with sin, cos and theta to make the squares rotate. I took away i from the radius every time to make the squares form a line and made the other for loop go in a different direction. Level 4 is done in a similar way difference is I added i to theta. The hit boxes are all done in draw(). Death is counted using a counter. The main screen has 5 buttons, level1, level2, level3, level4, and instructions. When they are clicked it brings you to that level using a counter lvl and lets lvlscreen = 1 so the main screen is not called. The exit button is on each level screen including the instructions page. When clicked lvlscreen = 0 calling the main screen. To complete a level you must hit the green box but you have to collect yellow keys to do this. I did this by using if statements to make the player collect the keys in order to finish the level.

Youtube video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFxA-pUZ_5c&feature=youtu.be
